(GH-2549) Clarify Bolt supported OSX versions (#2617)
puppetlabs/bolt: documentation/bolt_installing.md

## Installing Bolt on macOS

> Use one of the supported macOS installation methods to install Bolt. For both installation methods,
> latest Bolt only supports OSX 10.14 and 10.15. Earlier OSX releases can install Bolt 2.0.0 using the
> supported macOS installation methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use one of the supported macOS installation methods to install Bolt. Versions of Bolt after 2.0.0 
support only macOS 10.14 and 10.15. If you're using an earlier version of the Mac operating 
system, [download and install Bolt 2.0.0](https://downloads.puppet.com/mac/puppet-tools/).
```
